feat(apigatewayv2-integrations): EventBridge PutEvents integration (#13017)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-apigatewayv2-integrations/README.md

Integrations connect a route to backend resources. HTTP APIs support Lambda proxy, AWS service, and HTTP proxy integrations. HTTP proxy integrations are also known as private integrations.

> ### AWS Service

Reviewer: This classification of this being an AWS service is probably not needed. 

Let's just call this section `Event Bridge`. Whether it's an AWS service integration or a private integration is an implementation detail that the CDK can hide.

Author: 👍  e76381435

> ### Amazon EventBridge

Reviewer: Update the table of contents above.

You can integrate your HTTP API with AWS services by using first-class integrations. A first-class integration connects an HTTP API route to an AWS service API. When a client invokes a route that's backed by a first-class integration, API Gateway invokes an AWS service API for you.

> At this time only the EventBridge PutEvents integration is supported. Each AWS service integration subtype expects a set of `requestParamters` as part of the configuration. Detailed information with respect to the AWS service integration subtypes and request parameter formats can be found at [Integration Subtype Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/http-api-develop-integrations-aws-services.html).

Reviewer: Change the language to match the title of this section. Provide 1-2 sentences on what this integration does and that `PutEvents` in the only supported API.

Also, let's keep line width to 120 characters.

Author: Can you clarify? Do you mean that the language should be specific to only EventBridge and not describe that this is an instance of an AWS Service Integration?

Reviewer: Correct, yes. Talk about the event bridge notification in this section rather than AWS service integrations.

Author: Updated. Please reopen if I need to make it clearer. Thanks!

> The following code configures a default HTTP API integration with the EventBridge service's PutEvents API call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code configures a default HTTP API integration with the EventBridge service. By default this will call the `PutEvents` API.
This can be changed by configuring the `integrationSubType` property.
```

> ```ts
> const eventBus = new EventBus(stack, 'EventBus');

Reviewer: Just to make it clear that `EventBus` is from the events module.

````suggestion
```ts
import * as events from '@aws-cdk/aws-events';

const eventBus = new events.EventBus(stack, 'EventBus');
````
